---
title: General Gold
layout: post

---


### Remember to always make sure your resume has some of these gold nuggets before applying for that job you really don't wont.

> Testing and deploying the application fixing the inherent bugs and correcting the mal functionalities.

> Comet HtR 3.0 Remedition (Hire to Retire): Due to the reorganization in HR structure it had an impact in LDAP, ESA, Active Directory, SIR and provisioning. It also impacted the application using those attributes. Those impacted applications are identified and remediated so it works before the release of the new structure.

> Involved in development and enhancement work on POS and BO

* Man, this guy must have been coding very rigorously to be developing B.O.
* this guy has strong opinions about the system he had to enhance. i've called systems P.O.S's before but never in a resume

> Rigorously involved in development and design of the order entry module
apparently this guy was in the design session doing bicep curls with 50 pound dumbbells.

> Design and development of new front end pages and their inherent functionalities.

> This project to plan and compensate the Merck Employees around the globe based on the performance and the Leadership skills. 

> Responsible for leading a team in the offshore.

> Responsible for incorporating the changes whereever it is necessary.
I suppose that's better than unnecessary changes.

> Responsible for maintaing and updating the consumer related websites designed using Spring Framework with Hibernate.
"Maintaing"?

> This group is responsible for the design, development, maintainance and updation of web portals for the marketing
That's what i've been doing wrong... I've been 'updating' stuff, I should have been working on the 'updation'.

> The Struts Frame work used for Internationalization, this is product based development has been released in many local languages. 
appa rently not English. 

> One of three operating units of Verizon Communications Inc., Verizon Business delivers advanced IP, data, voice and wireless solutions to large business and government

> nFX-OSP is the open security platform is security management tool which helps organizations to manage security information collected from various sources like VPN application, routers, security log files, etc.

> The concept is to build a system where information can share between different kind of terminals like phone & set-top box with the Retail enterprises.

> For e.g. the data sharing is required between a RFID based devices with the retail store management system.

> The main objective of the project is to demonstrate compelling innovative designs amplified by available technologies with a spirit of collaboration and high energy limited only by a disciplined development timeline resulting in a credible story focused on practical implementation highlighting customer facing HMI concepts.

> The project involves a series of seven highly product development in R&D arena.

> Created the detailed product requirement document with all the futuristic development modules

> Created the Development team by conducting interview and suggesting for the recruitment of suitable candidates.
￼
￼

> Checked the attrition rate of the product resource by always keeping back up for the modules.

> The game is gambling type.

> Created a new Spring bean configuration entry for our abstracted persistence layer so it gets the correct reference to the DAO generated by RAD automatically in order to communicate with the DB.

> Trouble-shoot and debugged software defects that meet the deadline to release the product

> Create the new Mercury Switch Module, including design database, applications, for the user can store the facility information, inspection data, and using Crystal Report to generate report

> Create the customize uninstalling dynamic link library for IBM Desktop Management

> Implemented Servlet installation and configuration on BEA WebLogic 6.1 Web Server

> Create the new Mercury Switch Module, including design database, applications, for the user can store the facility information, inspection data, and using Crystal Report to generate report

> Comfortable with SOA while implementing web services for this project.

> Experience working on both FrontEnd as well as BackEnd layers.

> Maven/Ant Hill/Ant/J2EE/Eclipse were the technologies/tools involved.

> Is involved in the maintenance and development of various applications like PaymentXChange, CheckMARC, and CPS Admin. Designed and Implemented Use cases to upload and save pictures in the short amount of stay at Zethus.( DSP's and Droplets )

> Worked as Technical Lead for Global login application and Lead free application
Good, no lead, so obviously the application wasn't made in China.

> Unit and Integration tested developed application code against test cases

> Involved in the solving issues in the project.
I suppose it's better than being involved in creating issues in the project, but this is pretty much the most useless statement around.

> Designed and implemented a J2EE scalable, Enterprise Java Beans, transactional JDBC/SQL with STAR schema, security and asset management framework and web client Enterprise Application based on WebSphere Application Server J2EE.

> Includes several innovative techniques.

> Involved into requirement gathering, ER diagrams, Use case Diagrams, database designing, writing SRS.

> Decision making process to use right tools, software and techlongy

> Severed as software professional with more than 9 years of IT experience.
never appear as a sociopath on your resume.

> Experienced in developing and using existing Web Services and has hands on using REST plugin

> Good Team player possessing excellent communicational skills
Let's say it together... "Excellent Communication-al Skills". Like like being awesome at speling.


> Configuring the Struts and Hibernate in mapping

> Which will provide functionalities like pagination, sorting and Filtering and grouping etc.

> Experience in using different IDE’s like Eclipse 7.0, My Eclipse

> This project works on agile methodology. Under this method all the requirements as broken into individual stories. These stories are then worked by the developers into code. 
Wow, the grasp of agile is astounding.

> Designed user interface for desktop and web-based products, from conceptualization and detailed user interface and functionality design through implementation.

> A complete business logic was developed with Stateless Session beans

> JMeter, automated deployment using Ant.

> Implemented OOD (Object Oriented Development).

> The users of PMS are the doctors, nurses and other administrative staff

> The system monitors the status of the order and keeps the client and vendor informed through Ack’s and Nack’s.

> Creating a configurable form is to make POJO, Java Bean. Creating the annotations using the Hibernate.

> Involved in the executing the script in database and all names should follow naming convention based on HRNG Table naming convention.

